Rich people of this world are living their
lives in a space center named ‘’Elysium’’
outside the space.-
On the other hand, poor people are leading
a life in land pollution and miserable condition.
Everyone is leading a luxurious life in ‘’Elysium’’
and the poor are in utmost difficulties.
Elysium had a machine that could cure any
disease.
Not only this, but it could re-grow any part
of the human body.
It could also stop aging.
Everyone in Elysium had this machine.
This whole space centre was made by the owner
of Elysium.
Now we see a little kid named ‘’Max’’.
He sees a dream that he’ll take his friend
to Elysium when he grows up.
When he grows up, he starts stealing.
Police arrest him. ‘’Max’’ is released
on bail.
He starts working in a company.
This company was owned by the owner of Elysium,
which made weapons and robots for Elysium.
One day, ‘’Max’’ goes to work and
the police scan him.
Robot Police beat ‘’Max’’ black and
blue and injure him.
‘’Max’’ goes to the hospital for treatment.
Here, he finds the same girl, with whom he
did friendship.
She was a nurse now.
After seeing each other after so long, ‘’Max’’
offers her a coffee.
But she refuses and goes away after plastering
his hand.
Work on the Earth was being performed by Robots.
Poor people weren’t allowed to enter ‘’Elysium’’
and if someone mistakenly entered it, he got
shot.
There were many sick people on the Earth who
wanted to go to the Elysium
because Elysium had that machine. By using
it, they wanted to cure themselves.
‘’Spider’’ named man used to send
his spaceship to Elysium secretly.
‘’Spider’’ sends 3 spaceships full
of people to Elysium.
As they move, Defense Secretary gets the wind
of it.
He orders to destroy those ships full of people
through missiles.
Two out of three spaceships are destroyed
in the Space and the remaining one lands in
Elysium.
People get out of that ship and enter the
houses of rich people and try to use that
machine to cure their diseases.
At the same moment, Robot Police come, capture
them, and send them back to the Earth.
In the next scene, we talk about ‘’John
Carlyle’’ who used to go the Earth daily
to manage things.
In the evening, he used to go back to Elysium.
‘’Max’’ was working in his company.
The door of the radioactive chamber gets locked
during work.
The manager of ‘’Max’’ asks him to
check the chamber by going inside it.
"Max" accidentally needs to enter, and its
door is locked from the inside, instituting
the irradiated process.
Radiation has a negative impact on ‘'Max."
Outdoor, people try to open the door and end
up taking him out.
The robot scans him, gives him medicine, and
tells him that he’ll die within 5 days.
‘’Max’’ goes to the house in grief
and on the way, he meets his friend.
His friend tells him that he knows a man who
goes to Elysium.
We’ll go to Elysium by taking his spaceship
and use that machine which cures people’s
diseases.
On the very next day, they both go to ‘’Spider’’
who takes his ship to Elysium.
But he refuses to take them because ‘’Max’’
had an old enmity with this man.
That man fixes a device in ‘’Max’’.
‘’Max’’ feels better because of it.
On the other hand, the President of Elysium
‘’John Carlyle’’ comes to the Earth
to monitor his company.
Now he sets out for Elysium. ‘’Max’’
and his team attack his satellite and shoot
‘’John’’.
‘’Max’’ immediately downloads the
data from his mind to his neural system.
After copying, he gets understood that this
whole information is encrypted.
Now, the agent and Max’s team get into a
fight and they kill Max’s friend.
‘’Max’’ runs out of there and hides
in his childhood friend’s house, who was
a nurse now.
‘’Max’’ sees that his friend had a
daughter as well.
She had cancer and only that machine in Elysium
is able to cure this.
She asks him to take her daughter to Elysium
somehow so that she can recover.
‘’Max’’ couldn’t help her and gets
out of there because an agent was behind him.
He gets to know about his last location.
Now, this agent comes to Max’s friend’s
house and asks about ‘’Max’’.
When she doesn’t answer, he kidnaps both
of them so that he can find ‘’Max’’
through them.
‘’Max’’ now comes to ‘’Spider’’
who told him all the codes of Elysium.
He connects Max’s brain with a computer
and analyzes that if the information of all
the people are put in this program
and then installed in Elysium so can people
of earth become part of Elysium?
He wanted to know this now.
When he tries to do this, he realizes that
the satellite got jammed.
This was now impossible to update or download
any program.
Now, he’ll not be able to help ‘’Max’’.
Now he asks ‘’Max’’ to leave.
Signals are down due to John’s death.
That’s why this program is not of use now.
‘’Max’’ wasn’t left with any way
now.
So, he chooses to surrender himself.
When the agent comes to kill him, he blackmails
him that if he doesn’t take him to Elysium,
he’ll blow him up with this bomb.
Agent laughs and agrees. He tells ‘’Delacourt’’
that he has captured ‘’Max’’ and he
wants to come to Elysium.
‘’Max’’ sees his friend and her daughter
on the same ship.
Now, ‘’Max’’ couldn’t do anything
because the agent had tied him up.
‘'Max" and that agent are battling on this
ship. During a fight, it blows up, wounding
the agent's face.
As the ship comes to a halt, Max's friend
takes her daughter and tries to use the machine.
But the machine doesn't work as it only works
on Elysium's people.
They bring that agent to that machine and
his face recovers and the machine works.
‘’Max’’ and that agent fights again
and ‘’Max’’ kills him.
‘’Max’’ throws him from the roof and
he dies.
On the other hand, her friend gets succeeded
in curing her daughter.
Another ship from Elysium goes to provide
medical help to the people of Earth.
People’s lives become easy with it and the
story ends here.